Heather we're almost coming to the end of the section in which you're learning how to create the inner
pages of our thing in previous lessons you have already learned how to create a single page and a search
page.
So every time I click on a post link or that we do a search you have a different view.
If you haven't graded those pages the whole view will be based on one file which is the index dot page
B.
I think you're ready.
Tired of knowing that isn't it.
But at least you'll have some other template files to handle.
For example when you click on the category tag the author's name or as you see a publication date link
what's low that US is still the index that file.
We can easily check this if you install a plugin called show current template.
This plugin is a great help for anyone who is a film developer or in situations where we need to modify
a thing that was not viewed by herself.
Let's then go ahead and install this plugin.
And we don't have to set anything up because it's now ready to use.
I go to the front end and now in the admin bar you can see that there is this new option.
It shows us the name of the main template file that is generating the current view.
If you just mouse over it we can still see other things like parts that are loaded along with the main
theme plate.
Let's go to the blog page
and look as I've been explaining to you for a while the blog page just uses the deforesting plate which
is indexed dot BHP as I said at the beginning of this lesson.
This also happens when you click on a category link and tag the author's name or a publication date
link Well let's see if it's true.
Click on the author's name.
And the template is index dot page B.
Click on a category again index dot page B.
Click on a publication date.
And see again that template file is the start page be well.
There is nothing wrong with it.
If you really want to see the same plate when you click on any of those links if your intention is to
submit your thing to market places such as the think forest you'll see that they have this very special
requirement.
So here they are saying index that page B should be reserved for Standard blog latest post view so you
can use index that page for every scenario just for the blog latest post for you as we're doing here
in our theme say that are not using text or PSP as a template for this plane.
Tags.
They are Alpher pages to solve all of these display problems at once.
You'll be creating a new template file called archive.
Dot BHB typically This file will be used if you need to create a page Well a page with your sites archive.
There is a page showing the content organized by date by month my ears etc..
Whether we can use this file in a slightly more general way it's very versatile.
You understand this better.
Let's go over to the Wordpress thing Handbook which is a page with valuable documentation for developers.
This page here talks about all the template files needed to create a theme.
Let's go ahead and click here in common WordPress template files here we got a list of all template
files with the description below.
We can find something about the archive that page peafowl look what they say about this file.
The archive template is used when visitors request post by category our for our date.
Note this template will be overbreeding if more specific thing plates are present like category that
page be authored that page be and they thought page.
That is it can create specific template files for categories authors and date.
But it can also choose to create a single file called archive that BHB which can handle these three
situations at the same time for us.
In fact we can also create the text in that page through this file.
Although the documentation don't mention this fact that's what we're going to be creating in the next
lesson.
OK I'll wait for you then in the next lesson.
By.